Improve compatibility between pipeline & cluster (#21)
VIB-PSB/ksrates: doc/source/installation.rst

        cd ksrates/test

3.  Launch *ksrates* (the execution will take few minutes)::
     
        nextflow run VIB-PSB/ksrates --config ./config_elaeis.txt

>     Nextflow will download *ksrates* and will by default run the test pipeline on the local executor by means of a Singularity container, as configured in the ``nextflow.config`` Nextflow configuration file (automatically detected). If needed, please adapt the configuration to the available resources (e.g. switching to a Docker container) as described in the :ref:`nextflow_config_section` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Nextflow will download *ksrates* and will by default run the test pipeline on the ``local`` executor using the *ksrates* Singularity container, as configured in the included ``nextflow.config`` Nextflow configuration file (automatically detected). If needed, please adapt the configuration to the available resources (e.g. available CPUs/cores or switching to a Docker container or no container at all for a local installation) as described in the :ref:`nextflow_config_section` section.
```

    * Through a Singularity container::
     

>         nextflow run VIB-PSB/ksrates --config ./config_elaeis.txt -with-singularity vibpsb/ksrates:latest

Author: I tried without docker:// and it could pull the container.
I also found in NF [docs](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/singularity.html#singularity-docker-hub) (the second Note paragraph) that "docker://" is not needed anymore when pulling a Singularity container from Docker Hub.
This is actually nice and we could just use "container = 'vibpsb/ksrates:latest'" in the NF config file, instead of having two different lines.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57489957/129178054-a48921d3-c364-4dd8-9f3f-5c9a477e8659.png)

>         nextflow run VIB-PSB/ksrates --config ./config_elaeis.txt -with-singularity vibpsb/ksrates:latest

Reviewer: Great! Yes, let's just a single `container = 'vibpsb/ksrates:latest'`!
